hello everyone I'm Jimmy Conrad and I
have a story to share about getting an
undeserved red card and it's a sad story
so maybe have a box of tissues ready you
can do this it was January 2010 in Los
Angeles and the US was playing Honduras
and a friendly I was captain I got a
yellow card six minutes in for slowing
down a counter-attack after we had a
corner kick it was my first foul and I
was wearing the armband should I get the
respect of a warning first 11 minutes
later I got another yellow card for
pulling a jersey on a player after the
ball had already got out of bounds
because the cross was so bad and the
referee beneath the arch India who
clearly had a personal vendetta against
me also gave Honduras a penalty kick it
was a joke I got ejected 17 minutes in a
two yellow cards on national television
in front of over a hundred friends and
family who came to the game I left my
team down a man and down a goal which we
lost 3-1 and I never played for the US
again but that's not why I brought this
up I brought this up to highlight the
undeserved red card that you've A's
Giorgio Chiellini received after
allegedly elbowing Cristiano Ronaldo in
the face in the 48th minute of you bays
encounter with Madrid and the Champions
League a call that according to Madrid
manager Carlo Ancelotti changed the game
and led to Los Blancos feeding the old
lady to 21 now in fairness to the
referees who were in charge of this
match at the Bernabeu I can see why they
called it at game speed it looked to be
more of a heinous act than it deserved
to be given the theatrics of one
Cristiano Ronaldo who made much much
more of the contact that it warranted
but now that the game is over and the
replay show like me back in the day that
chiellini didn't deserve the red card
shouldn't FIFA have a rule in place that
will respect with the referees call
during the game of course but then
overturned anything that they might have
gotten wrong that could further punish a
team a lot harsher than it deserves to
be punished wouldn't that be fair didn't
you may suffer enough having to play a
man down for almost a half which meant
they knew they probably wouldn't get a
result which could now effectively and
their hopes in the Champions League what
do you guys think would you be for or
against this rule or wait maybe I should
back it up maybe you think healing
deserved the red card and that Ronaldo
didn't embellish the hit to his face at
all and you would have every right to
think that and I'd respect your opinion
but you'd be wrong it was a book red car
to change the game
you they shouldn't be punished any
further for the bad call that's my
ruling what's yours comments like
subscribe Twitter Instagram Spotify what
else have I signed up for I don't know
there's some other stuff I will see you
guys next time I'm out